---
eip: <to be assigned>
title: Chained NFTs to put Files and Code On-Chain
author: Marco Vasapollo, Alessandro Mario Lagana Toschi <bro@buidl.life>
status: Draft
type: Standards Track
category: ERC
created: (2019-04-19)
requires: 721
---


## Simple Summary
A simple way to put files and code into chained NFTs to improve the decentralization of modern Dapps and DAOs

## Abstract
Put complex files On-Chain, surpassing the Ethereum Block's size limits via a combination of chained Non-Fungible Tokens, generated by splitting the hexadecimal code of a file different NFTs. Every Chained NFT is a part of  a sequence based on the deployed file, saved by an array into the Smart Contract.

## Motivation
Modern Dapps are using centralized servers or distributed systems like IPFS to store Images and the Front-End part. This is a simple point of failure because with this setup a dapp still needs a well-known organization to rule it, at the end of the day this setup makes dapps not totally censorship-resistant especially if we focussed on non-financial applications. As well as ENS will remove the needs of a censurable DNS, this EIP is designed to put small files directly On-Chain removing as much as possible the censurable part of future Dapps.

## Specification
<!--The technical specification should describe the syntax and semantics of any new feature. The specification should be detailed enough to allow competing, interoperable implementations for any of the current Ethereum platforms (go-ethereum, parity, cpp-ethereum, ethereumj, ethereumjs, and [others](https://github.com/ethereum/wiki/wiki/Clients)).-->
The technical specification should describe the syntax and semantics of any new feature. The specification should be detailed enough to allow competing, interoperable implementations for any of the current Ethereum platforms (go-ethereum, parity, cpp-ethereum, ethereumj, ethereumjs, and [others](https://github.com/ethereum/wiki/wiki/Clients)).

## Rationale
The implications are massive, we're testing this EIP with the DFO project to create community-driven DAOs without need to a well know organization or a well-known team of developers to rule and developing it. DFOs are designed to be built by anonymous people without trust each other, using ENS, this EIP and a smart way to code Smart Contracts like microservices. DFO it's already working in its Alpha https://dfohub.com. Another interesting use of this EIP is about the ownership of art without trust entities, transacting every part of the history of the developing of digital goods, so trusting the history without known the creator. The most common use will be for the Front-End of Dapps, we're working on simplifying the usage of this EIP for every Dapp developer, you can test it here: https://robe.ninja.

## Copyright
Copyright and related rights waived via [CC0](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/).